hurry up I'm just doing the folks of our
next week's show oh I'm sorry I just
have to wait come on why are we going
shopping
you crazy ugly
I certainly am crazy about bargains like
our Westinghouse dealers are featuring
right now oh you mean the Westinghouse
Desilu si Fiesta Values
yeah come on we're meeting the merchants
what am I gonna tell the folks about
next week's show right after we finish
shopping come on come on come on fun
fight don't go away the Westinghouse
Desilu CBS the value yeah to celebrate
our new show hey hey Lizzie what are you
doing
remember Aladdin and his magic lamp well
I heard that if you rub a Westinghouse
refrigerator Betty Furness will appear
it works hi hi with my luck I'd get John
Cameron Swayze Betty this is a
refrigerator I want it's a good choice
Lucy it has the famous cold injector
that chews faster and it guarantees the
same low temperature throughout the
refrigerator oh that's why you can keep
milk in the door that's right and it's
frost free too and here is the big
separate home freezer
it holds 190 pounds of food so does
Ethel oh how about that beautiful
laundromat that slant front is a
Westinghouse trademark guess what makes
it easy to load so you just put your
clothes on the door here oh we call it C
it way to save door it weighs your
clothes right here and then it
automatically provides exactly the
amount of water needed for the size of
the load you save water and soap and
money Fred favorite word's this is a
great job of washing too better you
prove that with the sand test that you
did so many times on TV yes that Sam
test really sold me only the
Westinghouse laundromat washes cleaner
rinses better and even cleans itself
yes Westinghouse thinks of everything
see Fred these cooking units plug out so
he sees you to clean than any other
wrench now these two ovens can cook a
banquet and cook it good too right
look at that hey yeah so look here's the
new Westinghouse rollabout dishwasher
just like mine I call it Lucy's little
helper I love one
that's great that's right there see this
Westinghouse television set has new
automatic tuning just press that far and
automatically your channel comes in
crystal-clear a motherhood and the
fellas here are the new Westinghouse
stereo fidelity comes over there
beautiful and right now to celebrate
Westinghouse and desi and Lucy getting
together your Westinghouse dealers
having a gala Fiesta with really big
buys on all these wonderful products
that's why is there
in house st.lucie fiesta values look for
the storage for the Fiesta decoration
and these signs in the doors and windows